# Contributing Guide

We value your participation in this open source project.

Contributors can add new useful APIs by following the below steps:

**Step 1**: Raise a **new issue** stating that you want to:

- Add a new API that could benefit the dev community and make their life easier. Describe what the API does.  
- Improve existing API.  
- Improve the Swagger documentation that is auto-generated by FastAPI by learning how to do so in the code. Refer to FastAPI docs.

We will assign the issue to you and label it.  
**Step 2**: Star and fork THIS repository.  
**Step 3**: Now in your fork, make the required changes.  
**Step 4**: Raise a PR with your changes.  
**Step 5**: Wait for review and PR merge.  

All API data and core logic resides in the [foss42/foss42-core](https://github.com/foss42/foss42-core) project. So, you can add new data (eg: Some specific data pertaining to a country) or improve the API logic, raise an issue in the [foss42/foss42-core](https://github.com/foss42/foss42-core) repository.

Please feel free to drop by our [Discord server](https://bit.ly/heyfoss) and we can have a chat in case you have any doubts.

## Setting up Dev environment

- Install the latest version of Python.  
- Clone the repo to your local sytem using `git clone https://github.com/foss42/api api`
- Use terminal to navigate inside the folder (`cd api`).  
- Execute `pip3 install -r requirements.txt` to install the required python libraries.  
- Now you can serve the APIs in dev mode by:

```
cd src
uvicorn main:app --reload
```

The following output will be displayed:

```

```


## Testing API



